.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!--
List the issues this PR closes in a bullet list format, e.g.:
- Closes #X
- Closes FE-Z
-->

# Summary
<!--
Please include a summary of your changes if something is not self-explanatory from the closed issues.
Many times this section is not needed as the closed issues themselves explains the reason of the PR exists. On that case just remove this section it.
-->

# Checklist

- [ ] I've added error handling for all actions/requests, and verified how this error will show on UI. (or there was no error handling)
- [ ] I've reviewed all the copy changed/added in this PR, using AI if needed. (or there was no copy changes)
- [ ] I've included the reference to the issues being closed from Github and/or Linear (or there was no issues)
- [ ] I've changed the Docs to reflect my changes (or it was not needed)
- [ ] I've put docs links where it may be helpful (or it was not needed)
- [ ] I checked the resulting UI both in Light and Dark mode (or no UI changes were made)
- [ ] I **reviewed** the **entire PR** myself (preferably, on GH UI)

Commit message:

chore: update changeset scripts and package configurations
- Added new changeset scripts for versioning and changelog management.
- Updated package.json with new changeset commands and dependencies.
- Modified pnpm-lock.yaml to reflect new package versions.
- Removed obsolete changeset-next script and replaced it with a new implementation.
- Enhanced GitHub Actions workflows for better changelog updates and release management.

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!--
List the issues this PR closes (if any) in a bullet list format, e.g.:
- Closes #ABCD
- Closes #EFGH
-->

# Release notes

<!--
Use this only if this PR requires a mention in the Release
Notes Summary. Valuable features and critical fixes are good
examples. For everything else, please delete the whole section.
-->

In this release, we:

- Did this and that <!-- edit this text only -->

# Summary

<!--
Please write a summary of your changes and why you made them.
Not all PRs will be complex or substantial enough to require this
section, so you can remove it if you think it's unnecessary.
-->

# Breaking Changes

<!--
If the PR has breaking changes, please detail them in this section
and remove this comment.

Remove this section if there are no breaking changes.
-->

# Checklist

- [ ] I've added error handling for all actions/requests, and verified how this error will show on UI. (or there was no error handling)
- [ ] I've reviewed all the copy changed/added in this PR, using AI if needed. (or there was no copy changes)
- [ ] I checked the resulting UI both in Light and Dark mode (or no UI changes were made)
- [ ] I **reviewed** the **entire PR** myself (preferably, on GH UI)
